hey everyone i hope you are all having a
great day
today's video is going to be a college q
a and these are some of my favorite
kinds of videos just q and a's in
general
because you really get to know someone
better and get to see kind of inside
their life
and i love when you guys ask me
questions and i get to answer them
and just talk to you guys so i asked you
guys on instagram to ask me some
questions about college
and you guys delivered so i'm going to
be going through your questions and
answering them
so the first question that was asked is
how are you feeling about moving out
slash away from your home
so honestly it doesn't feel real
because i don't know everything's felt
so anti-climactic this year just because
of corona and
all it's impacted and so i think i just
feel like something's gonna go wrong and
i'm not actually gonna leave
which i know isn't the case i know i'm
gonna be really sad when i do
leave but just the idea of like going to
college is really exciting
me so i'm feeling okay i think that's
the word i know i'm gonna bawl
my eyes out when my parents leave after
i move in but it's
it's just the way it goes with me i just
cry a lot it's also gonna be so weird
because when i come home
next like sam is going to be so much
bigger i don't know it's just
also kind of weird that like so much is
going to be happening here without me
like i'm not going to be a part of this
household anymore
which is kind of scary and sad but
at the same time like i'm starting my
own life so yeah
i don't know mixed emotions so these two
questions i'm going to answer them both
do you know who you're dorming with and
how many roommates are you going to have
this is actually kind of interesting the
plan
for my college dorm room that i'm
staying in
is actually like a marriott hotel so
that probably sounds a little weird but
the rooms are pretty big so there's a
price difference between this but
you can choose to have a four person
bedroom or three person bedroom
and i'm in a four person bedroom so i
have three roommates
actually when i found out i couldn't
live in the apartment because they
needed extra quarantine space
um one of my roommates had now actually
had reached out to me and asked me
earlier
if i wanted to room with her and her
friend but
i had said no because i was planning to
live in a different dorm
anyway when my college emailed me and
they were like sorry you can't live here
anymore we need this extra space i was
like
shoot but thankfully ashley my roommate
ashley
had messaged me and i messaged her back
i don't know if there's any way that i
could still be your guys's roommate but
i need a roommate and all my plans have
changed she was so gracious and so kind
her and her friend
lindsay who is my second roommate they
switched the room they were in so that
we could the three of us could be
together and then recently
another girl joined our room and her
name is izzy and so there are four of us
in a room i've had long conversations
on the phone with both lindsay and
ashley lindsay's actually on the dance
team with me
so that's super fun too that we're gonna
be able to do that together
and then we're probably gonna plan a
zoom meeting or something so that all
four of us can talk because izzy joined
our room like a couple weeks ago
so i'm really excited we seem like at
least with the girls i've talked to so
far like i'm so excited to be their
roommate like i think it's gonna be a
blast so i'm really excited hopefully
everything goes well and we'll just have
a super fun dorm
and i'm so they are so sweet and i'm
just so excited to
get to college and get to know them
better when are you starting college and
are you still going to post videos like
you normally would i started college
august well i moved there august
14th which is in like less than two
weeks
my student orientation where i get my
ipad i am
so guys i am so excited
to get an ipad and to use it i can't
even i'm just
i'm so excited when we get like our gear
and our ipads and everything all of that
happens at student orientation which is
the 21st and 22nd
of august so our first classes
start the 24th of august yeah i'm very
excited
i i literally can't wait to get the ipad
if you're not subscribed already totally
subscribe because i'm going to be doing
an unboxing
and i'm going to probably once i get
like no taking down on that
i'm going to make videos about that i
love electronics and just
all that kind of stuff so this is like
my dream come true
i've never had an ipad and never used an
apple pencil or even like
tested one out so i'm just like so
excited oh yeah
the second part of that question am i
going to be posting normally
yes that is my plan and hopefully i can
do that my advisor
we talked about it and then she just
like made me a schedule like the
school made me a schedule and then i
looked over it and like made any tweaks
i wanted to
and originally she gave me 15 credits
was my first semester but my parents
really want me to take
18 credits my first semester i don't
like know how
credits work and like what the workload
will be off of that
so for a long time i was just like i am
so nervous about this i talked to
someone who
is on the dance team who looks like
she's involved in lots of stuff
and she takes 18 credit hours and always
has so that gave me a lot of peace that
i'm going to be able to do it and like
continue doing youtube and get good
grades and be on the dance team and do
all that stuff
so i'm planning to i might change my
uploading schedule
to like a different day and time
depending on
my workload and stuff but i'll just keep
you guys updated make sure you follow my
instagram because that's probably
where i'll tell you guys what are you
going to do as a minor
and a major and what are you planning to
do later in life i'm majoring in
business and i'm planning to minor in
something creative i'm not exactly sure
what i'm minoring in yet but i want to
be able to take
all those creative classes like graphic
design photography those kinds of things
so whatever minor will allow me to do
that that is what
i want to do i'm taking a bunch of
freshman classes and then
just some classes that you have to take
at my school
and then i'm taking microeconomics for
the business degree so
i am starting on my business degree this
semester
and what i want to do with that is just
like kind of continue what i'm already
doing
i love youtube so much i love making
videos i want to create a business
off of this lots of youtubers who have
made this into a full-time job
they don't just have their youtube
channel they have their youtube channel
and a podcast
and a shop that you can buy stuff from
i'm particularly thinking of aspen ovard
when i'm talking about the shop she
has her shop her channel her vlog
channel her blog like
all this stuff where she's making a
business out of the platform she's
created
and that's kind of what i want to do i
want to continue making videos
throughout my life documenting my life
and my family's life in the future
i'm talking long term here so yeah i
just love what i'm doing right now and
i just want to continue to to do it
because i love it
if you look at some past videos i said i
was going to be a dentist
and that is definitely a great career
option
but i really think i was going into
it for the security and for the money
not that those are bad things because
those are great things like when you're
looking for a job security
and a good income like those are
important things to consider i just
watched
some videos and thought about it and
really what i want to do is this
like i want to have my own business i
want to be my own boss i want to work
from home when i have kids you know
there's so much that i
want to to do and it's it's this
and so i want to pursue that and i know
that if i work hard
and i put in the time and effort i'm
going to be successful and i'm going to
be able to
to make the amount of money that i need
to
to do this as a job so it's kind of
scary because this isn't
the easy route or the simple route
but it's the route that i want to take
because i know i'm going to love it the
most
are you afraid because of covid would
you like to study online
am i afraid not really because
most of my age people it'd be like
having a cult
and i do not want classes online like
no way in person all the way dude i
i've been waiting for this for so long
there's no way like it ruined
my senior year i've been waiting for
this this is my
my time i haven't been around a lot of
people before in my life and i've waited
and like held out till college to
experience a lot of things that i
haven't before
and so i don't want corona to stand in
the way of those things
obviously you have to be careful and
take the necessary precautions
you know depending on the situation but
i would not want to stay here
and not go to school because of corona
and stay online like that is
not something i am interested in doing
what are you most
looking forward to so honestly i am so
looking forward to meeting all
the people i'm gonna meet um that's
definitely something i am really excited
about
like i just said i have not been around
a lot of people in general but also i
haven't been around a lot of people
of my same faith i don't live in an area
that just has
lots of latter-day saints and so i'm
really excited to
attend a school that that does have a
lot of latter-day saints and people who
share my same beliefs and
a place where i can cultivate my
testimony of jesus christ and
and just grow and spiritually as well as
academically
and socially you know and also like
let's be honest here i can't wait
to meet all the gentlemen they find
handsome young gentlemen
i'm so excited to meet the
handsome young men that are young men
they're not young men anymore
excuse me return missionaries
now that's where it's at return
missionaries just college age
guys handsome young
gentlemen i just can't wait i know that
most people that are
most guys that are gonna be my age are
probably not gonna
like they're probably not gonna be much
different than high school boys but i
feel like the height the boys i
went to high school with were like
pretty up there so
like in terms of like
[Music]
i wouldn't say maturity but like yeah i
like maturity
i don't know yeah maturity i think is a
good word um
young men in our church go on two-year
missions
usually when they're 18 you can go in
your 19 as well like after one year of
college but
for example my brother is on his mission
right now and
he's been out for a little over a year
so he'll come back
next year in june i'm interested to see
like the age gaps like where they
are there will be guys coming in to svu
that haven't gone on missions yet
and then some that are coming back that
are freshmen that just got
off their missions so it's like 20 year
old freshmen
that are ready to get married which is
terrifying
but also i kind of like it so
i'm not ready to marry people just like
i'm just i'm just excited to have
options that's what i'm saying here
i'm also excited for friends and for the
experiences i'm gonna have
you get it i'm talking about guys
because that's just
are you nervous about maintaining your
high school friendships while creating
new ones
yes i have personally experienced when a
friend of mine
has gone to college and like there's
been like a drifting apart
just because you're no longer in the
same time in your life
and you're not in the same place either
which never helps
people stay close and i honestly would
say that inherently i am
very bad at like staying connected with
people but i am determined to keep my
friendships
i love my friends so much and i know
it's gonna
be harder work for me and maybe then for
other people to like
put the effort in but i'm willing to put
the effort in so that i can
stay friends and continue to have strong
relationships with my friends from high
school because
they're the kind of friends that are
gonna be with you your whole life you
know
like those are the kind of friends i
made in high school what are you most
nervous about i'm pretty nervous about
wearing masks in college just because
i don't find people very approachable
when they're wearing a mask
so meeting new people while everyone's
wearing a mask
is gonna be kind of weird because you're
just gonna be like
i can't even see your face like i can't
hear you very well you know
and like learning in classrooms with a
mask on is just gonna be very
interesting
people sound so muffled and like i don't
know
it's just gonna be different and
hopefully things will go
more back to normal once there's like a
vaccine and everything
what college are you going to attend so
i
am attending southern virginia
university i'm repping it right here
it is a small college in buena vista
virginia
which is like four and a half hours away
from my house and i love it
such a beautiful campus and beautiful
place except for
the bugs and the humidity but other than
that it's so pretty
i mean really that's nothing new from
like where i live now so
so the last question is how many people
do you already know
who will go to your college so like how
many people
are going to the college same year as me
or that i already know there
the bishop of our ward congregation
um a few years ago his youngest daughter
actually went to svu that's how i heard
of the school seeing her go there
but she graduated like maybe a year ago
so
she's not there anymore another girl was
in my
ward for a little bit and then she went
to svu
i don't know her very well and then this
summer
actually this lady in my ward her
grandson is actually going to svu
so he came to visit her and then we hung
out and just got to know each other a
little bit
so that we can know someone when we go
and then i've also
had lengthy phone calls with my
roommates so
i will know them but none of my friends
go there like nobody that i would
consider a really good friend
that i already knew from home is going
there so kind of going out
on a limb here with without knowing
anyone but
i'm sure i'll make lots of friends i
love people
i hope you guys enjoyed this little
college q and a if you have any other
questions make sure to comment them down
below and i'll try to answer those in
the comments
i love you guys so much i am filming
tons of videos
at a time right now and so i'm really
trying to like
figure out when i'm posting what and in
what order
but i have tons of college videos coming
and
i'm so excited i'm looking right now at
my
like little corner of stuff that i've
already packed and i think i'm gonna
start packing
today or tomorrow it's kind of a scary
thought but i need to start doing that
but then i'm gonna be filming like four
videos at a time because some of these
videos i'm filming are like longer
filming periods if you stayed to this
point in the video make sure to comment
these emojis so that i know i love going
in the comments and seeing
who watched till the end because that
always makes me feel good it makes me so
happy when people watch to this point
because
that means that i was entertaining
enough to like have you keep watching
because sometimes i think that i'm very
not funny at all so if you got to this
point in the video
you're literally amazing and i love you
so much i really hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to give
it a thumbs up
and subscribe down below also make sure
to follow me on instagram
riley real and i hope you have a great
rest of your day i will see you in next
week's video
[Music]
bye
you